God, I’m full of so much gratitude right now. And I do not feel elevated
above any of my fellow nominees or anyone in this room because we share
the same love, the love of film, and this form of expression has given me
the most extraordinary life. I don’t know what I’d be without it. But I
think the greatest gift that it’s given me, and many of us in this room,
is the opportunity to use our voice for the voiceless. I’ve been thinking
a lot about some of the distressing issues that we are facing collectively.
And I think at times we feel, or were made to feel, that we champion
difference causes, but for me, I see commonality. I think, whether we’re
talking about gender inequality, or racism, or queer rights, or indigenous
rights, or animal rights, we’re talking about the fight against injustice.
We’re talking about the fight against the belief that one nation, one
people, one race, one gender, or one species has the right to dominate,
control and use and exploit another with impunity. I think that we’ve become
very disconnected from the natural world, and many of us, what we’re
guilty of is an egocentric worldview, the belief that we’re the center of
the universe. We go into the natural world and we plunder it for its
resources. We feel entitled to artificially inseminate a cow and when she
gives birth, we steal her baby, even though her cries of anguish are
unmistakable. And then we take her milk that’s intended for her calf and
weput it in our coffee and our cereal. And I think we fear the idea of
personal change because we think that we have to sacrifice something to
give something up, but human beings at our best are so inventive and
creative and ingenious. And I think that when we use love and compassion
as our guiding principles, we can create, develop and implement systems of
change that are beneficial to all sentient beings and to the environment.
Now I have been, I have been a scoundrel in my life. I’ve been selfish, I’ve
been cruel at times, hard to work with, and I’m grateful that so many of
you in this room have given me a second chance. And I think that’s when we’re
at our best, when we support each other, not when we cancel each other out
for past mistakes, but when we help each other to grow, when we educate
each other, when we guide each other toward redemption. That is the best of
humanity. When he was 17, my brother wrote this lyric, he said run to the
rescue with love and peace will follow. Thank you.

